chore(docs): update preprocessing tutorial for using inst.pick() instead of pick_types() (#12326)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12326.other.rst

> Updated preprocessing tutorial for using inst.pick() instead of pick_types() entries, by `btkcodedev`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the text in the preprocessing tutorial to use :class:`mne.io.Raw.pick()` instead of the legacy :class:`mne.io.Raw.pick_types()`, by `btkcodedev`_.
```

> Updated the text in the preprocessing tutorial to use :class:`mne.io.Raw.pick()` instead of the legacy :class:`mne.io.Raw.pick_types()`, by :newcontrib:`btkcodedev`.

Reviewer 2: I'm a little surprised that these cross-refs worked; regardless, it's more accurate to mark these with the `:meth:` role since they're links to methods (not classes). The parentheses will get added automatically.

```suggestion
Updated the preprocessing tutorial to use :meth:`mne.io.Raw.pick` instead of the legacy :meth:`mne.io.Raw.pick_types`, by :newcontrib:`btkcodedev`.
```
